.TH wdmLogin 1x "August 1998"
.SH NAME
wdmLogin \- wdm login panel
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBwdmLogin\fP [-d \fIdisplay\fP] [-l \fIlogo\fP] [-w \fI<window managers>\fP] [-b \fIbackground\fP] [-h \fIhelpfile\fP] [-u \fIusername\fP] [-p \fIpassword\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwdmLogin\fP is greeter designed to work with \fBwdm\fP(1x). It has
several features not found on xdm's greeter. wdmLogin should not be
called directly, that's wdm's task.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-d
starts on the specified \fIdisplay\fP
.TP
.B \-l
uses the specified \fIlogo\fP for the panel. The logo will be \fBresized\fP
to 200 by 130 pixels.
.TP
.B \-w
presents the \fBcolon separated\fP list of \fIwindow managers\fP, for
the user to pick one, or None if you want only NoChange to appear.
.TP
.B \-a
enables animations consisting of 
shaking the Login panel (if an error) and 
rolling up the image (when closing the panel).
.TP
.B \-h
uses the specified text file to display in the help panel instead of
the static help message which is in the sources. Take care of long lines
which may cause display trouble in the help panel.
.TP
.B \-u
use the default username and password as specified in wdm-config if nothing is typed
by the user. USE WITH EXTREME CAUTION.
.TP
.B \-b
uses the specified background image (see the next section).  If this is
not specified, then the background is \fBNOT\fP set.
.SH BACKGROUND IMAGE SPECIFICATION
There are several possible ways of specifing a background image. The
generic format is \-b\fItype\fP:\fIimage\fP. \fItype\fP can be any of:
.TP
.B none
do not set the background.  This user can still set the background
via other means.
.TP
.B solid
it renders a solid backgroud, and \fIimage\fP is a color name
.TP
\fBhgradient\fP, \fBvgradient\fP, \fBdgradient\fP
a gradient (either horizontal, vertical or diagonal) will be
rendered. \fIimage\fP is \fBcomma separated\fP of color names, and any
number of colors can be specified.
.TP
\fBpixmap\fP
a pixmap will be used for the background. \fIimage\fP is the full path
to an image file (tiff, png, jpeg and xpm allowed) and it will be
scaled to use the full screen.
.SH FILES
\fBwdmLogin\fP can be customized by modifying \fI/etc/X11/wdm/wdm-config\fP.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wdm (1x)
.SH AUTHOR
wmdLogin was written by Gene Czarcinski <genec@mindspring.com>. wdm is
based on work by Tom Rothamel (xdm's external greeter protocol) and
xdm itself, (c) 1988 X Consortium
.PP
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>
and modified by Jerome Alet <alet@unice.fr>
